SOFTWARE USE AGREEMENT

Access to the data and/or software entitled BuildingSync ("Software") is 
provided by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory ("NREL"), which is 
operated by Alliance for Sustainable Energy, LLC ("ALLIANCE"), for the 
U.S. Department of Energy ("DOE").

Access to and use of the Software shall impose the following obligations 
on the user, and use of the Software constitutes user's agreement to 
these terms. The user is granted the right, without any fee or cost, to 
use, copy, modify, alter, enhance and distribute the Software for any 
purpose whatsoever, provided that this entire notice appears in all 
copies of the Software.  Further, the user agrees to credit 
DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE in any publication that results from the use of the 
Software.  The names DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE, however, may not be used in any 
advertising or publicity to endorse or promote any products or 
commercial entities unless specific written permission is obtained from 
DOE/NREL/ ALLIANCE.  The user also understands that DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE is 
not obligated to provide the user with any support, consulting, training 
or assistance of any kind with regard to the use of the Software or to 
provide the user with any updates, revisions or new versions of the 
Software.

USER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, 
AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES AGAINST ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND, 
INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, RELATED TO USER'S USE OF THE 
SOFTWARE.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE "AS IS," AND 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES 
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS ASSOCIATED WITH THE LOSS 
OF DATA OR PROFITS, THAT MAY RESULT FROM AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS CLAIM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE ACCESS, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE.

Results generated by use of the Software are dependent on many 
variables, including the quality of the data entered by the user, 
assumptions made by the user in relation to data inputs, and any 
alterations made by the user or others to the Software.  Accordingly, 
DOE, NREL, and ALLIANCE cannot guarantee any results generated by use 
of the Software and user is entirely responsible for the results and any 
reliance on the results or the Software in general.  User shall not 
claim that DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE authenticate or otherwise agree with any 
results generated by the Software.   
